hoedown so if the hill come on down they
have to make up a song in the form of a
hoedown with the assistance of which
runs better so as somebody in the
audience in suggest anything they like
something makes you angry they're the
only one I could lip-read with trousers
or tight tight trousers tight trousers
they're tight trousers clothing of all
sorts you can bung in there because I
got four birds out of this there's any
one rhyme for trousers in the entire
English language so where you go the
clothing especially tight trousers hold
I'm starting with my croissant Orion
with Richard Wayne just right whereas
with mom they feel so nice and truly a
special name lift me up without press
tab give my ghoul
I think pasta is religious in fact I
think it's holy I cover myself in
marinara and pads of ravioli
I sometimes clean out dente with using
it like floss and sometimes I stirred in
my pants to make the special sauce
wearing pants that are very very tight
sometimes it cuts off my circulation
when I go out clubbing my pants are
mighty tight sometimes it gets me in
many many fights everybody looks at me
they don't you son of a gun
but I'm not actually wearing an D
they're just painted on